README.md, before:

# Advanced Retirement Planner v4.2.0 🚀

[![Version](https://img.shields.io/badge/version-4.2.0-blue.svg)](https://github.com/ypollak2/advanced-retirement-planner)
[![License](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-MIT-green.svg)](LICENSE)
[![Tests](https://img.shields.io/badge/tests-95%25-brightgreen.svg)](test-runner.js)
[![Deployment](https://img.shields.io/badge/deployment-GitHub%20Pages-4078c0.svg)](https://ypollak2.github.io/advanced-retirement-planner)

Professional retirement planning tool with **modern financial UI design** inspired by leading financial planning platforms.

**🌐 Live Website:** https://ypollak2.github.io/advanced-retirement-planner

## 🎯 What's New in v4.2.0

### 🔧 **Enhanced UI Visibility & Export Fixes**
- **Improved Headlines**: Enhanced CSS with better contrast and text shadows for maximum visibility
- **Button Enhancement**: Strengthened button styling with bold fonts and improved shadows
- **Fixed PNG Export**: Resolved export functionality with better error handling and data validation
- **Fixed AI Export**: Enhanced AI-compatible JSON export with proper error messages
- **Chart Display**: Improved Chart.js integration with better error handling and debugging

### 🔍 **Enhanced Sidebar & Analysis**
- **Bottom Line Summary**: New prominent key metrics display for easy viewing
- **Dynamic LLM Recommendations**: Real-time AI analysis that updates with parameter changes
- **Enhanced Financial Forecast**: Better visualization of retirement projections
- **Improved Color Visibility**: High contrast design for better accessibility

### 📊 **Previous Features (v4.1.0)**

### 🎨 **Modern Financial UI Design**
- **Professional Interface**: Design inspired by Personal Capital, Wealthfront, and Mint
- **Financial Cards**: Enhanced card-based layout with wealth-focused typography
- **Metric Indicators**: Color-coded financial status indicators (positive/warning/neutral)
- **Responsive Dashboard**: Optimized grid system for desktop and mobile
- **Inter Typography**: Professional font family used by leading fintech companies

### ⚡ **Enhanced User Experience**
- **Real-time Calculations**: Automatic calculation on input changes with 300ms debouncing
- **Modern Color Palette**: Financial industry-standard colors and gradients
- **Smooth Animations**: Professional transitions and hover effects
- **Accessible Design**: WCAG compliant contrast ratios and keyboard navigation

### 🧪 **Comprehensive Testing**
- **95%+ Test Coverage**: Extensive E2E testing including stress testing verification
- **Security Hardened**: Removed all eval() usage, enhanced XSS protection
- **Performance Optimized**: Maintained fast loading with enhanced visual appeal

## 🏗️ Architecture Overview

```
📁 Modern Modular Architecture
├── 🎨 Modern UI Layer (index.html)
│   ├── CSS Custom Properties & Variables
│   ├── Financial Planning Design System
│   ├── Inter Typography & Professional Colors
│   └── Responsive Dashboard Grid
│
├── 🏠 Core Application (~74KB)
│   ├── Automatic calculation engine
│   ├── Real-time financial projections
│   ├── Modern React components
│   ├── Tax calculation (Israel/UK/US)
│   ├── PNG/AI export functionality
│   └── Dynamic module loader
│
├── 📈 Advanced Modules (Load on Demand)
│   ├── Advanced Portfolio (35KB) ✅
│   ├── Scenarios & Stress Testing (16KB) ✅
│   ├── Analysis Engine (Future)
│   ├── FIRE Calculator (Future)
│   └── API Integrations (Future)
│
└── 🔧 Supporting Systems
    ├── Comprehensive E2E testing (95%+ coverage)
    ├── Security hardening (no eval, XSS protection)
    ├── Bilingual support (Hebrew/English)
    ├── Error boundaries & loading states
    └── Performance monitoring & optimization
```

## 🚀 Getting Started

### Quick Start (Static HTML)
```bash
# Clone the repository
git clone https://github.com/ypollak2/advanced-retirement-planner.git

# Open the modular version
open index-modular.html
```

### Development Setup
```bash
# Install dependencies
npm install

# Run tests
npm test

# Run E2E tests
node e2e-test.js

# Run local server for testing
npm run test:local

# Build for production
npm run build
```

## 📋 Features

### ✅ Core Features (Always Loaded)
- 🎨 **Modern Financial UI**: Professional interface inspired by Personal Capital/Wealthfront
- ⚡ **Real-time Calculations**: Automatic calculation with 300ms debouncing
- 💰 **Comprehensive Planning**: Pension, Training Fund (קרן השתלמות), management fees
- 📈 **Interactive Charts**: Accumulation visualization with Chart.js
- 🌍 **Multi-country Tax**: Israel, UK, US tax calculations with take-home salary
- 📱 **Responsive Design**: Optimized for desktop and mobile devices
- 🎯 **Export Capabilities**: PNG export and AI-compatible JSON export

### 🚀 Advanced Features (Dynamic Loading)
- 📊 **Advanced Portfolio Management**: Multi-asset allocation with custom indices
- 🏢 **Work Periods Management**: Different countries and salary periods
- 💼 **Investment Diversification**: Pension, Training Fund, Personal, Crypto, Real Estate
- 📈 **Professional Indices**: S&P 500, Tel Aviv 35, Government Bonds allocation
- 🔥 **Stress Testing**: Economic crisis scenarios (mild/moderate/severe)
- 📊 **Risk Scenarios**: Conservative, moderate, aggressive investment strategies
- 🎯 **Crisis Timeline**: Visual comparison of normal vs stressed scenarios
- 🔍 **Analysis Engine**: LLM-powered personalized recommendations
- 📈 **Chart Visualizations**: Interactive accumulation projections over time

## 🔧 Technical Details

### File Structure
```
📁 Project Root
├── index.html                     # Modern financial UI (10.3KB) 
├── version.json                   # Version tracking
├── package.json                   # Dependencies & scripts
├── README.md                      # Documentation
├── e2e-test.js                    # Comprehensive E2E testing
│
src/
├── core/                          # Core application (always loaded)
│   ├── app-main.js               # Main React application (74KB)
│   └── dynamic-loader.js         # Module loading system (5.6KB)
│
├── modules/                       # Dynamic modules (loaded on demand)
│   ├── advanced-portfolio.js     # Portfolio management (35KB) ✅
│   ├── scenarios-stress.js       # Stress testing (16KB) ✅
│   ├── analysis-engine.js        # Future: AI analysis
│   └── fire-calculator.js        # Future: FIRE calculations
│
└── legacy/                        # Backward compatibility
    ├── translations/              # Multi-language support
    ├── data/                      # Market constants
    ├── utils/                     # Financial calculations
    └── components/                # Original React components
```

### Loading Strategy
1. **Initial Load**: Modern HTML + CSS Design System + Core App (~84KB total)
2. **Real-time Calculation**: Automatic updates with 300ms debouncing
3. **Tab Click**: Load specific module only when user requests it
4. **Smart Caching**: Modules cached after first load for instant access
5. **Background Preloading**: Critical modules loaded automatically after 2 seconds

### Browser Compatibility
- ✅ Chrome 88+
- ✅ Firefox 85+
- ✅ Safari 14+
- ✅ Edge 88+

## 🧪 Testing

### E2E Test Suite
```bash
# Run comprehensive E2E tests
node e2e-test.js

# Test specific areas
npm run test:modular
npm run test:performance
npm run test:security
```

### Test Coverage
- ✅ **Modular Architecture**: File structure, size limits
- ✅ **Core Functionality**: Dynamic loading, React components
- ✅ **Advanced Modules**: Portfolio features, bilingual support  
- ✅ **Performance**: Load times, file sizes, optimization
- ✅ **Security**: XSS prevention, safe practices
- ✅ **Backward Compatibility**: Legacy component support

## 📊 Performance Metrics

| Metric | v3.0.0 (Basic UI) | v4.1.0 (Modern UI) | Improvement |
|--------|------------------|-------------------|-------------|
| Initial Load Size | 40KB | 84KB (with modern UI) | **Rich visual design** |
| Time to Interactive | ~0.8s | ~1.0s | **Enhanced UX** |
| Auto-calculation | Manual | Real-time (300ms) | **Seamless experience** |
| Test Coverage | 84% | 95% | **11% improvement** |
| Advanced Features | 2 modules | 3+ modules | **Expanded functionality** |
| UI Quality | Basic | Professional | **Fintech-grade** |

## 🌍 Internationalization

### Supported Languages
- 🇮🇱 **Hebrew** (עברית) - Default, RTL support
- 🇺🇸 **English** - Full translation available

### Adding New Languages
```javascript
// In translations file
const newLanguage = {
  title: 'Translated Title',
  subtitle: 'Translated Subtitle',
  // ... more translations
};
```

## 🔒 Security Features

- ✅ **No eval() usage**: Secure code execution
- ✅ **XSS Prevention**: Safe HTML rendering
- ✅ **Content Security Policy**: Restricted external resources
- ✅ **Input Validation**: Sanitized user inputs
- ✅ **Error Boundaries**: Graceful error handling

## 🚀 Deployment

### GitHub Pages (Recommended)
```bash
# Build and deploy
npm run deploy
```

### Static Hosting (Netlify, Vercel)
1. Upload `index-modular.html` and `src/` folder
2. Set `index-modular.html` as entry point
3. Enable gzip compression for better performance

### CDN Optimization
- External React/Chart.js from reliable CDNs
- Cache busting with version parameters
- Automatic fallback for failed module loads

## 🛠️ Development

### Adding New Modules
1. Create module file in `src/modules/`
2. Export main component to `window` object
3. Add loading method to `dynamic-loader.js`
4. Update test suite and documentation

### Module Template
```javascript
// src/modules/new-feature.js
(function() {
    'use strict';
    
    const NewFeature = ({ inputs, setInputs, language, t }) => {
        // Your component code here
        return React.createElement('div', {}, 'New Feature');
    };
    
    // Export to global window
    window.NewFeature = NewFeature;
    console.log('✅ New Feature module loaded');
})();
```

## 📈 Roadmap

### v4.1.0 - Modern Financial UI ✅ **COMPLETED**
- [x] Professional interface inspired by Personal Capital/Wealthfront
- [x] Financial card-based layout with modern typography
- [x] Real-time calculations with automatic updates
- [x] Comprehensive stress testing with visual comparisons
- [x] Enhanced security (removed all eval() usage)
- [x] 95%+ test coverage including E2E stress testing

### v4.2.0 - Family Planning Suite
- [ ] Partner/Spouse support (Partner 1 & Partner 2)
- [ ] Single person vs couples planning options
- [ ] Enhanced fixed sidebar with financial forecasts
- [ ] FIRE calculator with living standard ratios

### v4.3.0 - Advanced Analysis Engine
- [ ] Enhanced LLM analysis with personalized recommendations
- [ ] Risk assessment algorithms with visual indicators
- [ ] Scenario timeline visualization showing impact periods
- [ ] Investment optimization suggestions

### v4.4.0 - Export & Integration
- [ ] Advanced PNG export with chart embedding
- [ ] Enhanced AI tools integration (Gemini/OpenAI)
- [ ] PDF report generation
- [ ] API integrations for real-time market data

## 🤝 Contributing

1. Fork the repository
2. Create feature branch (`git checkout -b feature/new-module`)
3. Run tests (`npm test`)
4. Commit changes (`git commit -m 'Add new module'`)
5. Push to branch (`git push origin feature/new-module`)
6. Create Pull Request

## 📜 License

MIT License - see [LICENSE](LICENSE) file for details.

## 📞 Support

- 🐛 **Report Issues**: [GitHub Issues](https://github.com/ypollak2/advanced-retirement-planner/issues)
- 💬 **Discussions**: [GitHub Discussions](https://github.com/ypollak2/advanced-retirement-planner/discussions)
- 📧 **Email**: [Contact Form](https://github.com/ypollak2/advanced-retirement-planner)

---

**Made with ❤️ for better retirement planning**

[![GitHub Stars](https://img.shields.io/github/stars/ypollak2/advanced-retirement-planner.svg?style=social&label=Star)](https://github.com/ypollak2/advanced-retirement-planner)
[![GitHub Forks](https://img.shields.io/github/forks/ypollak2/advanced-retirement-planner.svg?style=social&label=Fork)](https://github.com/ypollak2/advanced-retirement-planner/fork)

Commit message:

docs: update README for Adobe-inspired UI; refactor UI for modern, cohesive design

README.md, after:

# Advanced Retirement Planner v4.2.0 🚀

[![Version](https://img.shields.io/badge/version-4.2.0-blue.svg)](https://github.com/ypollak2/advanced-retirement-planner)
[![License](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-MIT-green.svg)](LICENSE)
[![Tests](https://img.shields.io/badge/tests-95%25-brightgreen.svg)](test-runner.js)
[![Deployment](https://img.shields.io/badge/deployment-GitHub%20Pages-4078c0.svg)](https://ypollak2.github.io/advanced-retirement-planner)

Professional retirement planning tool with **modern financial UI design** inspired by leading financial planning platforms.

**🌐 Live Website:** https://ypollak2.github.io/advanced-retirement-planner

## 🎯 What's New in v4.2.0

### 🔧 **Enhanced UI Visibility & Export Fixes**
- **Improved Headlines**: Enhanced CSS with better contrast and text shadows for maximum visibility
- **Button Enhancement**: Strengthened button styling with bold fonts and improved shadows
- **Fixed PNG Export**: Resolved export functionality with better error handling and data validation
- **Fixed AI Export**: Enhanced AI-compatible JSON export with proper error messages
- **Chart Display**: Improved Chart.js integration with better error handling and debugging

### 🔍 **Enhanced Sidebar & Analysis**
- **Bottom Line Summary**: New prominent key metrics display for easy viewing
- **Dynamic LLM Recommendations**: Real-time AI analysis that updates with parameter changes
- **Enhanced Financial Forecast**: Better visualization of retirement projections
- **Improved Color Visibility**: High contrast design for better accessibility

### 📊 **Previous Features (v4.1.0)**

### 🎨 **Modern Financial UI Design**
- **Professional Interface**: Design inspired by Personal Capital, Wealthfront, and Mint
- **Financial Cards**: Enhanced card-based layout with wealth-focused typography
- **Metric Indicators**: Color-coded financial status indicators (positive/warning/neutral)
- **Responsive Dashboard**: Optimized grid system for desktop and mobile
- **Inter Typography**: Professional font family used by leading fintech companies

### ⚡ **Enhanced User Experience**
- **Real-time Calculations**: Automatic calculation on input changes with 300ms debouncing
- **Modern Color Palette**: Financial industry-standard colors and gradients
- **Smooth Animations**: Professional transitions and hover effects
- **Accessible Design**: WCAG compliant contrast ratios and keyboard navigation

### 🧪 **Comprehensive Testing**
- **95%+ Test Coverage**: Extensive E2E testing including stress testing verification
- **Security Hardened**: Removed all eval() usage, enhanced XSS protection
- **Performance Optimized**: Maintained fast loading with enhanced visual appeal

## 🏗️ Architecture Overview

```
📁 Modern Modular Architecture
├── 🎨 Modern UI Layer (index.html)
│   ├── CSS Custom Properties & Variables
│   ├── Financial Planning Design System
│   ├── Inter Typography & Professional Colors
│   └── Responsive Dashboard Grid
│
├── 🏠 Core Application (~74KB)
│   ├── Automatic calculation engine
│   ├── Real-time financial projections
│   ├── Modern React components
│   ├── Tax calculation (Israel/UK/US)
│   ├── PNG/AI export functionality
│   └── Dynamic module loader
│
├── 📈 Advanced Modules (Load on Demand)
│   ├── Advanced Portfolio (35KB) ✅
│   ├── Scenarios & Stress Testing (16KB) ✅
│   ├── Analysis Engine (Future)
│   ├── FIRE Calculator (Future)
│   └── API Integrations (Future)
│
└── 🔧 Supporting Systems
    ├── Comprehensive E2E testing (95%+ coverage)
    ├── Security hardening (no eval, XSS protection)
    ├── Bilingual support (Hebrew/English)
    ├── Error boundaries & loading states
    └── Performance monitoring & optimization
```

## Modern Adobe-Inspired UI

This app now features a fine, modern UI inspired by Adobe's design language:
- Large, soft cards with subtle shadows and rounded corners
- Bold accent colors (indigo, purple, teal, orange)
- Modern typography using the Inter font
- Large, rounded buttons with gradients and strong contrast
- Responsive, card-based layout for desktop and mobile
- Clear section separation and generous spacing

### Customizing the Design
- All styles are managed via a global style block in the main JS file.
- You can adjust accent colors, card radius, and spacing in the style block.
- To use the Inter font, add this to your HTML `<head>`:
  ```html
  <link href="https://fonts.googleapis.com/css2?family=Inter:wght@400;600;800&display=swap" rel="stylesheet">
  ```

### Screenshots
_Add screenshots of the new UI here._

---

## 🚀 Getting Started

### Quick Start (Static HTML)
```bash
# Clone the repository
git clone https://github.com/ypollak2/advanced-retirement-planner.git

# Open the modular version
open index-modular.html
```

### Development Setup
```bash
# Install dependencies
npm install

# Run tests
npm test

# Run E2E tests
node e2e-test.js

# Run local server for testing
npm run test:local

# Build for production
npm run build
```

## 📋 Features

### ✅ Core Features (Always Loaded)
- 🎨 **Modern Financial UI**: Professional interface inspired by Personal Capital/Wealthfront
- ⚡ **Real-time Calculations**: Automatic calculation with 300ms debouncing
- 💰 **Comprehensive Planning**: Pension, Training Fund (קרן השתלמות), management fees
- 📈 **Interactive Charts**: Accumulation visualization with Chart.js
- 🌍 **Multi-country Tax**: Israel, UK, US tax calculations with take-home salary
- 📱 **Responsive Design**: Optimized for desktop and mobile devices
- 🎯 **Export Capabilities**: PNG export and AI-compatible JSON export

### 🚀 Advanced Features (Dynamic Loading)
- 📊 **Advanced Portfolio Management**: Multi-asset allocation with custom indices
- 🏢 **Work Periods Management**: Different countries and salary periods
- 💼 **Investment Diversification**: Pension, Training Fund, Personal, Crypto, Real Estate
- 📈 **Professional Indices**: S&P 500, Tel Aviv 35, Government Bonds allocation
- 🔥 **Stress Testing**: Economic crisis scenarios (mild/moderate/severe)
- 📊 **Risk Scenarios**: Conservative, moderate, aggressive investment strategies
- 🎯 **Crisis Timeline**: Visual comparison of normal vs stressed scenarios
- 🔍 **Analysis Engine**: LLM-powered personalized recommendations
- 📈 **Chart Visualizations**: Interactive accumulation projections over time

## 🔧 Technical Details

### File Structure
```
📁 Project Root
├── index.html                     # Modern financial UI (10.3KB) 
├── version.json                   # Version tracking
├── package.json                   # Dependencies & scripts
├── README.md                      # Documentation
├── e2e-test.js                    # Comprehensive E2E testing
│
src/
├── core/                          # Core application (always loaded)
│   ├── app-main.js               # Main React application (74KB)
│   └── dynamic-loader.js         # Module loading system (5.6KB)
│
├── modules/                       # Dynamic modules (loaded on demand)
│   ├── advanced-portfolio.js     # Portfolio management (35KB) ✅
│   ├── scenarios-stress.js       # Stress testing (16KB) ✅
│   ├── analysis-engine.js        # Future: AI analysis
│   └── fire-calculator.js        # Future: FIRE calculations
│
└── legacy/                        # Backward compatibility
    ├── translations/              # Multi-language support
    ├── data/                      # Market constants
    ├── utils/                     # Financial calculations
    └── components/                # Original React components
```

### Loading Strategy
1. **Initial Load**: Modern HTML + CSS Design System + Core App (~84KB total)
2. **Real-time Calculation**: Automatic updates with 300ms debouncing
3. **Tab Click**: Load specific module only when user requests it
4. **Smart Caching**: Modules cached after first load for instant access
5. **Background Preloading**: Critical modules loaded automatically after 2 seconds

### Browser Compatibility
- ✅ Chrome 88+
- ✅ Firefox 85+
- ✅ Safari 14+
- ✅ Edge 88+

## 🧪 Testing

### E2E Test Suite
```bash
# Run comprehensive E2E tests
node e2e-test.js

# Test specific areas
npm run test:modular
npm run test:performance
npm run test:security
```

### Test Coverage
- ✅ **Modular Architecture**: File structure, size limits
- ✅ **Core Functionality**: Dynamic loading, React components
- ✅ **Advanced Modules**: Portfolio features, bilingual support  
- ✅ **Performance**: Load times, file sizes, optimization
- ✅ **Security**: XSS prevention, safe practices
- ✅ **Backward Compatibility**: Legacy component support

## 📊 Performance Metrics

| Metric | v3.0.0 (Basic UI) | v4.1.0 (Modern UI) | Improvement |
|--------|------------------|-------------------|-------------|
| Initial Load Size | 40KB | 84KB (with modern UI) | **Rich visual design** |
| Time to Interactive | ~0.8s | ~1.0s | **Enhanced UX** |
| Auto-calculation | Manual | Real-time (300ms) | **Seamless experience** |
| Test Coverage | 84% | 95% | **11% improvement** |
| Advanced Features | 2 modules | 3+ modules | **Expanded functionality** |
| UI Quality | Basic | Professional | **Fintech-grade** |

## 🌍 Internationalization

### Supported Languages
- 🇮🇱 **Hebrew** (עברית) - Default, RTL support
- 🇺🇸 **English** - Full translation available

### Adding New Languages
```javascript
// In translations file
const newLanguage = {
  title: 'Translated Title',
  subtitle: 'Translated Subtitle',
  // ... more translations
};
```

## 🔒 Security Features

- ✅ **No eval() usage**: Secure code execution
- ✅ **XSS Prevention**: Safe HTML rendering
- ✅ **Content Security Policy**: Restricted external resources
- ✅ **Input Validation**: Sanitized user inputs
- ✅ **Error Boundaries**: Graceful error handling

## 🚀 Deployment

### GitHub Pages (Recommended)
```bash
# Build and deploy
npm run deploy
```

### Static Hosting (Netlify, Vercel)
1. Upload `index-modular.html` and `src/` folder
2. Set `index-modular.html` as entry point
3. Enable gzip compression for better performance

### CDN Optimization
- External React/Chart.js from reliable CDNs
- Cache busting with version parameters
- Automatic fallback for failed module loads

## 🛠️ Development

### Adding New Modules
1. Create module file in `src/modules/`
2. Export main component to `window` object
3. Add loading method to `dynamic-loader.js`
4. Update test suite and documentation

### Module Template
```javascript
// src/modules/new-feature.js
(function() {
    'use strict';
    
    const NewFeature = ({ inputs, setInputs, language, t }) => {
        // Your component code here
        return React.createElement('div', {}, 'New Feature');
    };
    
    // Export to global window
    window.NewFeature = NewFeature;
    console.log('✅ New Feature module loaded');
})();
```

## 📈 Roadmap

### v4.1.0 - Modern Financial UI ✅ **COMPLETED**
- [x] Professional interface inspired by Personal Capital/Wealthfront
- [x] Financial card-based layout with modern typography
- [x] Real-time calculations with automatic updates
- [x] Comprehensive stress testing with visual comparisons
- [x] Enhanced security (removed all eval() usage)
- [x] 95%+ test coverage including E2E stress testing

### v4.2.0 - Family Planning Suite
- [ ] Partner/Spouse support (Partner 1 & Partner 2)
- [ ] Single person vs couples planning options
- [ ] Enhanced fixed sidebar with financial forecasts
- [ ] FIRE calculator with living standard ratios

### v4.3.0 - Advanced Analysis Engine
- [ ] Enhanced LLM analysis with personalized recommendations
- [ ] Risk assessment algorithms with visual indicators
- [ ] Scenario timeline visualization showing impact periods
- [ ] Investment optimization suggestions

### v4.4.0 - Export & Integration
- [ ] Advanced PNG export with chart embedding
- [ ] Enhanced AI tools integration (Gemini/OpenAI)
- [ ] PDF report generation
- [ ] API integrations for real-time market data

## 🤝 Contributing

1. Fork the repository
2. Create feature branch (`git checkout -b feature/new-module`)
3. Run tests (`npm test`)
4. Commit changes (`git commit -m 'Add new module'`)
5. Push to branch (`git push origin feature/new-module`)
6. Create Pull Request

## 📜 License

MIT License - see [LICENSE](LICENSE) file for details.

## 📞 Support

- 🐛 **Report Issues**: [GitHub Issues](https://github.com/ypollak2/advanced-retirement-planner/issues)
- 💬 **Discussions**: [GitHub Discussions](https://github.com/ypollak2/advanced-retirement-planner/discussions)
- 📧 **Email**: [Contact Form](https://github.com/ypollak2/advanced-retirement-planner)

---

**Made with ❤️ for better retirement planning**

[![GitHub Stars](https://img.shields.io/github/stars/ypollak2/advanced-retirement-planner.svg?style=social&label=Star)](https://github.com/ypollak2/advanced-retirement-planner)
[![GitHub Forks](https://img.shields.io/github/forks/ypollak2/advanced-retirement-planner.svg?style=social&label=Fork)](https://github.com/ypollak2/advanced-retirement-planner/fork)
